♪
c0000001
[Talisman claps]
c0000002
You're getting better
by the day, Mizzy.
c0000003
I'm glad you think so.
c0000004
Playing with you
is intimidating,
c0000005
but I try my best
to please, Uncle.
c0000006
Nonsense.
Our performance flourished
c0000007
because you were there
to lead me along.
c0000008
Come here.
c0000009
[gasps]
c0000010
[chuckles softly]
c0000011
[MIZERHYBY]
Uncle?
c0000012
[earring jingles]
c0000013
It looks good on you.
c0000014
See for yourself.
c0000015
[chuckles softly]
c0000016
I leave Gregorio's
secret spell to you.
c0000017
[MIZERHYBY]
You think the stars and moons
c0000018
will come to steal it?
c0000019
[TALISMAN]
It's a possibility.
c0000020
I wouldn't be surprised
c0000021
by some kind of movement
in the future.
c0000022
[chuckles]
c0000023
You know as well as I do
that the moon and stars
c0000024
are merely
a prelude to the sunrise.
c0000025
Take care not
to underestimate them.
c0000026
Especially, the one
from the stars.
c0000027
[MIZERHYBY]
Uncle,
c0000028
do you truly believe
c0000029
Aliceliese can hold
a candle to me?
c0000030
She does have a sharp mind,
make no mistake.
c0000031
To rescue dear Lady Sisbell,
c0000032
she may send over
some servants.
c0000033
[Mizerhyby chuckles]
c0000034
[MIZERHYBY]
Sounds delightful!
c0000035
I'll brew up a very special tea
c0000036
and warm welcome to greet them.
c0000037
Make it dazzling...Mizzy.
c0000038
I'd expect nothing less
from an astral mage
c0000039
and candidate
for the Queen's seat.
c0000040
[chuckles softly]
c0000041
[MIZERHYBY]
I'm looking forward to it.
c0000042
[JHIN] Okay.
We could start a search party,
c0000043
but we have no clue
where to start looking.
c0000044
MORNING STAR: SNOW THE SUN
c0000045
Got any ideas for us, team?
c0000046
I guess the Tower of Sun
comes to mind, but...
c0000047
Lord Talisman would have
changed locations.
c0000048
And moved to where?
c0000049
[ALICE]
Snow the Sun.
c0000050
Hydra's facility
c0000051
on the outskirts
of the Central Province.
c0000052
Starting tomorrow,
c0000053
the royal families
of the Sovereignty
c0000054
will hold a meeting.
c0000055
The Three Founding
Family conference.
c0000056
[all gasp]
c0000057
[RIN]
Lord Talisman's attention
c0000058
will be preoccupied
during the event.
c0000059
Leaving Snow the Sun wide open.
c0000060
Giving all of us
the perfect opportunity
c0000061
to rescue Sisbell
from his clutches.
c0000062
I better return to the palace.
c0000063
I can keep an eye on him.
c0000064
Uh.
c0000065
I am counting on you all.
c0000066
Bring her home.
c0000067
[car accelerates]
c0000068
Out with it.
c0000069
What's the matter?
c0000070
This might be out of line
considering my position.
c0000071
But I was wondering
if Johaim is really our guy.
c0000072
Hm.
c0000073
A tall man who carried
an impressive blade.
c0000074
He had red hair,
c0000075
and he wore a suit of armor
underneath a coat.
c0000076
Yeah.
That sounds like him.
c0000077
Well, then, what's the problem?
c0000078
You said that
Elletear was cut down, right?
c0000079
Need I repeat?
c0000080
Lady Elletear threw herself
at an Imperial,
c0000081
all to protect the Queen.
c0000082
Lady Alice and I
both witnessed it.
c0000083
And then, she was
taken captive by Johaim?
c0000084
In cold blood.
c0000085
Neither of us knows
if she is dead or alive.
c0000086
Yeah, that's the part
I find confusing.
c0000087
Doesn't add up
the more I think about it.
c0000088
Uh.
What exactly are you implying?
c0000089
Why wouldn't
he have killed her instantly?
c0000090
Taking her hostage
means she's alive.
c0000091
Cut by a Saint Disciple?
c0000092
To be cut down with that sword
always means instant death.
c0000093
Makes me think
something else is up.
c0000094
♪
c0000095
So, you're saying
it was all an act?
c0000096
Mm-hmm.
c0000097
No, that makes no sense.
c0000098
Why would she do
something like that on purpose?
c0000099
I still can't get the image
out of my head.
c0000100
The floor stained
with her blood.
c0000101
It haunts me!
c0000102
I know you saw it, Rin.
c0000103
The monster who was
cut by a Hydra killer's sword.
c0000104
-And was totally unfazed.
-[gasps]
c0000105
I refuse to believe it.
c0000106
They are not one and the same.
c0000107
But you can't deny
the similarities.
c0000108
I think this was
part of her plan.
c0000109
To escape the castle.
c0000110
She exiled herself
and went to the Empire.
c0000111
[breathes shakily]
c0000112
At least, that's what I think.
c0000113
But at the end of the day,
we aren't here for Elletear.
c0000114
My team is here
to retrieve Sisbell.
c0000115
Whatever else happens is
none of our concern.
c0000116
At least we agree on one thing.
c0000117
This is our responsibility.
c0000118
As the House of Lou.
c0000119
This is Hydra's
Advanced Academy
c0000120
and Research Institute
of Astral Spirit,
c0000121
also known as Snow the Sun.
c0000122
An institute that converts
the planet's astral energy
c0000123
to create
an alternative resource
c0000124
in place of electricity
and gas.
c0000125
[RIN] The Three
Founding Family conference
c0000126
will begin at 11:00 a.m. sharp.
c0000127
That is when you will move in,
c0000128
to infiltrate Snow the Sun.
c0000129
The last Imperial soldiers
that attacked the palace
c0000130
were hiding
in the Central Providence.
c0000131
They found Hydra's facility
and managed to infiltrate it.
c0000132
[RIN] And Lady Sisbell
just happened to be there.
c0000133
That will be our cover story.
c0000134
-[light switch clicks]
-These two
c0000135
will accompany you there.
c0000136
Thank you once again
for your help.
c0000137
It's a pleasure.
I am Nami Orcast.
c0000138
I'm Cystea Cuo Katz.
c0000139
When it comes
to our Lady Sisbell,
c0000140
no sacrifice is too great.
c0000141
So, let us begin
with your astral spirits.
c0000142
Nami?
c0000143
First, I'll demonstrate.
c0000144
Behold. My power,
the astral art of fog.
c0000145
Hm.
c0000146
She's gone!
c0000147
I think it's faster than
c0000148
the Empire's
optical camouflage.
c0000149
-Here I am.
-[gasps]
c0000150
When'd you move?
c0000151
[NOEL]
Her speed is quite restricted.
c0000152
Sudden moves like
running or jumping
c0000153
will cancel Nami's camouflage.
c0000154
[NAMI] Plus, this power can
extend to others,
c0000155
for those who touch the crest.
c0000156
[gasps]
c0000157
[MISMIS]
Tee-hee!
c0000158
Try to find us, Iska!
c0000159
[giggles]
c0000160
-Over here!
-[chuckles]
c0000161
The more people
who use her power,
c0000162
the less time it will last.
c0000163
For six people,
c0000164
I'd say the maximum
is around four hours.
c0000165
-Oh!
c0000166
I think I got the gist of it.
c0000167
[gasps]
c0000168
As for my spirit, Echo,
c0000169
it's able to gather
sounds around me.
c0000170
[clears throat]
c0000171
[TOURIST 1] Hm.
Not too bad...
c0000172
[CYSTEA] What you're hearing
is from the 35th floor,
c0000173
-a tourists' room.
-[TOURIST 2] So, what's the
c0000174
plan for tomorrow?
c0000175
And if it's quiet enough,
c0000176
I can pick up sounds
up to five floors away.
c0000177
Also, things like voices
or footsteps,
c0000178
I can muffle no problem.
c0000179
Hey, I know!
Say something to try it out...
c0000180
[NOEL]
Not a peep.
c0000181
Since this power
collects sound,
c0000182
it can prevent its spread, too.
c0000183
So anything that's
spoken out loud
c0000184
can be captured and silenced.
c0000185
Will it work
to diminish gunshots?
c0000186
[CYSTEA]
Unfortunately, no.
c0000187
That settles it.
c0000188
We avoid combat while inside.
c0000189
Meaning we'll rely on Iska,
c0000190
if anything else happens.
c0000191
My sword will be ready.
c0000192
Rin. We should expect
pureblood company, right?
c0000193
It's highly likely.
c0000194
For example,
Princess Mizerhyby.
c0000195
I'll share what I know
about Hydra's military power.
c0000196
The rest is up to you.
c0000197
-Hmm.
-This makes me uneasy, but...
c0000198
I trust you.
c0000199
You'll take care
of Lady Sisbell.
c0000200
I believe in your abilities.
c0000201
Miss Rin?
One question.
c0000202
Yes?
c0000203
[ASHE] Are the two of you
more than "acquainted?"
c0000204
[gasps]
c0000205
Don't get the wrong idea!
I misspoke!
c0000206
Ugh!
c0000207
[knocking on door]
c0000208
[RIN] I apologize for
interrupting your rest,
c0000209
Lady Alice.
c0000210
Great job today.
c0000211
Please, come in.
c0000212
[door opens]
c0000213
[door shuts]
c0000214
[RIN]
I was just doing my job.
c0000215
Your focus should be
on what's ahead.
c0000216
That's right.
c0000217
The conference.
c0000218
No doubt they'll try to
hold my mother accountable.
c0000219
By rescuing Sisbell,
c0000220
we expose Hydra's conspiracy.
c0000221
Failure to do so...
c0000222
will mean the fall of the Lou.
c0000223
The swordsman will make sure
that doesn't come to pass.
c0000224
[gasps]
c0000225
[wind whooshing]
c0000226
[NAMI]
Let's proceed,
c0000227
according to plan.
c0000228
[all patting]
c0000229
♪
c0000230
Everyone!
c0000231
Move out!
c0000232
♪
c0000233
[inhales]
c0000234
[exhales]
c0000235
[door opens]
c0000236
[door shuts]
c0000237
[TALISMAN]
Hello, Lady Alice.
c0000238
I was disappointed to find
you were missing yesterday,
c0000239
but I take it you're in
much better spirits now?
c0000240
I am.
c0000241
Well enough
to review the minutes
c0000242
from the meeting I missed.
c0000243
[TALISMAN]
That's what I like to hear.
c0000244
Did an emergency
of some kind pop up?
c0000245
You looked so distraught
when I saw you last.
c0000246
[gasps]
c0000247
How thoughtful of you
to be concerned.
c0000248
I've never been in
this kind of situation before.
c0000249
[ALICE] Did he pick that up
from my expression?
c0000250
No.
Couldn't have.
c0000251
Don't push yourself, my lady.
c0000252
[ALICE]
Little by little,
c0000253
he's noticing
we're up to something.
c0000254
Lord Talisman and Masked Lord.
c0000255
These two are far better
talkers than I am.
c0000256
All it takes is one slip-up,
c0000257
and I could jeopardize
the entire plan.
c0000258
I can't let them know
c0000259
what Iska
and the others are doing.
c0000260
Therefore,
c0000261
silence is my best option.
c0000262
[footsteps approaches]
c0000263
Hm.
c0000264
The conference will
begin momentarily.
c0000265
It's nearly 11:00 a.m.
c0000266
Hm.
c0000267
[NAMI]
Get ready.
c0000268
Our mission is starting soon.
c0000269
Just a few more seconds
'til 11:00.
c0000270
-Got it.
-[clock ticks]
c0000271
[clock ticking]
c0000272
-The Three Founding...
-Lady Sisbell's rescue
c0000273
-mission...
-...Family conference...
c0000274
[MILLAVAIR, NAMI]
Will start now.
c0000275
Keep a low profile, okay?
c0000276
Until we rescue Sisbell.
c0000277
♪
c0000278
[Mismis gasps]
c0000279
♪
c0000280
[gasps]
c0000281
♪
c0000282
[sighs]
c0000283
[MISMIS]
It works.
c0000284
They really don't see us.
c0000285
[door slides open]
c0000286
♪
c0000287
No lollygagging!
c0000288
The door's gonna close,
Captain!
c0000289
Uh!
c0000290
[MISMIS]
Sorry, sorry!
c0000291
[Mismis pants]
c0000292
Made it just in time!
c0000293
Good thing we did
a test run yesterday.
c0000294
We're much more in sync!
c0000295
That "test run" was
mainly for you, boss.
c0000296
[MISMIS]
Don't be mean--
c0000297
"Low profile," remember?
c0000298
There's a limit
to this sound chamber.
c0000299
From here on,
this is enemy territory.
c0000300
[NENE]
Wow!
c0000301
It's kinda looks like
the Empire's research facility.
c0000302
Apparently,
this duct sends astral energy
c0000303
from an underground vortex
at the planet's core.
c0000304
With all the foot traffic
going in and out,
c0000305
I can't think of many places
to hold a prisoner.
c0000306
[JHIN]
Setting aside private soldiers,
c0000307
it's highly unlikely that
hundreds of researchers
c0000308
are also in the know
about Hydra's conspiracy.
c0000309
[MISMIS]
Narrowing our choices
c0000310
to unauthorized locations
researchers can't access.
c0000311
The top-level research lab.
c0000312
Hydra's hall on the top floor.
c0000313
Or maybe the accumulation area
in the basement.
c0000314
-[CYSTEA] Captain Mismis.
-Uh.
c0000315
Around four floors below us
I hear something.
c0000316
It's weak,
c0000317
but I hear someone breathing.
c0000318
-[all gasp] -So, that's where
they're keeping her?
c0000319
There's only one way
to find out.
c0000320
Hm.
c0000321
To the basement.
c0000322
[elevator bell dings]
c0000323
[elevator whirring]
c0000324
[MASKED LORD]
Pardon, Your Highness.
c0000325
Do forgive me
for being this blunt.
c0000326
But I must say I'm rather
disappointed in you.
c0000327
Under your watch,
c0000328
the Imperial Army
invaded the palace.
c0000329
A national disgrace,
unheard of since the founding.
c0000330
Not to mention
that the Zoa family
c0000331
has been deprived
of their chief.
c0000332
It's obvious by now
c0000333
Growley has been kidnapped
by the Empire.
c0000334
[Millavair gasps]
c0000335
Please understand, Lord On!
c0000336
This ordeal has been
just as hard for the Queen!
c0000337
Show compassion.
c0000338
Lady Elletear and Lady Sisbell
are missing as well!
c0000339
If I may,
c0000340
now is not the time
to point fingers
c0000341
and assign blame
for the attack.
c0000342
Our time is better spent
on a rescue plan.
c0000343
The era of passivity is past.
c0000344
The only way to rescue them
c0000345
-is an all-out attack
on the Empire. -[gasps]
c0000346
Polite negotiation?
c0000347
Over a table
surrounded by delegates?
c0000348
Wipe away the thought.
c0000349
It won't bring back our people.
c0000350
Purebloods are nothing
more than lab rats.
c0000351
Lower than hostages to them.
c0000352
You wish to negotiate
with a party
c0000353
that never had
our best interests in mind
c0000354
from the very beginning?
c0000355
And you know full well
how they treat prisoners.
c0000356
I understand that.
c0000357
[walking stick thuds]
c0000358
Do you?
c0000359
Then you agree to an all-out
attack on the mainland?
c0000360
[MILLAVAIR]
Unacceptable.
c0000361
This proposal will only
result in needless casualties.
c0000362
As Queen,
I won't allow that to happen.
c0000363
[scoffs]
Perhaps you're unfit
c0000364
to make that call
as our Monarch.
c0000365
[all gasp]
c0000366
[whispered indistinct chatter]
c0000367
[TALISMAN]
True, you have a point.
c0000368
We should conduct
the Queen's election.
c0000369
During unprecedented times,
c0000370
it's common for new leadership
c0000371
to rise to the occasion
amidst the chaos.
c0000372
Is that what you mean?
c0000373
[chuckles softly]
No.
c0000374
[elevator door opens]
c0000375
♪
c0000376
[CYSTEA] This way.
Not much further.
c0000377
Hm.
c0000378
♪
c0000379
[CYSTEA]
Behind that material storage.
c0000380
[MISMIS] They left Sisbell
in a place like that?
c0000381
[CYSTEA] It may not necessarily
be Lady Sisbell.
c0000382
I just sense
a faint presence here.
c0000383
[gasps]
c0000384
[JHIN]
He's Sisbell's servant.
c0000385
Nene.
You got this?
c0000386
Yes, sir, evidence captured!
c0000387
This means
she has to be nearby,
c0000388
since Schwartz is here!
c0000389
No sign of anybody else.
c0000390
My guess is,
she's not in the basement.
c0000391
Right.
That just leaves the upstairs.
c0000392
[JHIN] Nene.
Can you do something
c0000393
about that surveillance camera?
c0000394
As much as I wanna,
c0000395
messing with the camera will
c0000396
set off all kinds
of alarm bells
c0000397
for whoever's
patrolling the place.
c0000398
Jamming it
blows our cover early.
c0000399
Get Sisbell.
c0000400
Come back for him.
c0000401
Well, boss?
Sound good?
c0000402
I hate to be so practical,
c0000403
but our number one priority
is saving Sisbell.
c0000404
[NAMI, CYSTEA]
As you say, Captain.
c0000405
[JHIN] Let's take this
as far as we can.
c0000406
[all gasp]
c0000407
[elevator bell dings]
c0000408
Listen up, everyone.
c0000409
No matter what happens,
c0000410
we can't afford
to lose sight of our goal.
c0000411
Anyone could be
beyond these doors.
c0000412
So stay alert,
and don't break cover.
c0000413
[ALL]
Hm.
c0000414
[elevator bell dings]
c0000415
[door slides open]
c0000416
[Mismis gasps]
c0000417
Great.
She's in here, too?
c0000418
What do you think, Jhin?
c0000419
From the look of things,
c0000420
it doesn't seem like
this is an ambush.
c0000421
She's just taking the elevator.
c0000422
[elevator bell dings]
c0000423
[door slides open]
c0000424
♪
c0000425
[door slides open]
c0000426
[JHIN]
We can use her.
c0000427
[door slides shut]
c0000428
[elevator bell dings]
c0000429
[door slides open]
c0000430
[door slides shut]
c0000431
[all gasp]
c0000432
[SOLDIER] Master Grugell?
Is something wrong?
c0000433
It felt like an irritating fly
was buzzing around my ear.
c0000434
I suppose
I must have imagined it.
c0000435
-Huh?
-Hmm.
c0000436
[footfall]
c0000437
♪
c0000438
[door slides open]
c0000439
[escalator whirring]
c0000440
Nami, how much longer now?
c0000441
I'd say we have less
than an hour, give or take.
c0000442
[all gasp]
c0000443
[JHIN]
It's eerily quiet.
c0000444
[ISKA] Yeah.
Too quiet
c0000445
Do you sense Sisbell nearby?
c0000446
I don't hear anything.
c0000447
Wherever she might be,
it's not on this floor.
c0000448
[Nami gasps]
c0000449
Not here?
So, does that mean...?
c0000450
[CYSTEA]
One floor above us.
c0000451
I'm picking up
someone breathing.
c0000452
It doesn't sound like
they're moving.
c0000453
So they're either trapped,
c0000454
or they're stationary
for whatever reason.
c0000455
Our lady.
It has to be.
c0000456
Gotta work our way up there
before we draw any conclusions.
c0000457
Whether it's Sisbell
or the enemy waiting for us,
c0000458
we'll deal with it.
c0000459
But how do we find a way up?
c0000460
It's not accessible
by elevator.
c0000461
We'll find a way.
c0000462
My bets are on this floor
being the key.
c0000463
Tch!
You've gotta be kidding me.
c0000464
This is too irritating.
c0000465
[NAMI] [gasps]
They left it open?
c0000466
Everyone follow me.
c0000467
[all gasp]
c0000468
Hang on a sec!
c0000469
I don't know
if that's a good idea!
c0000470
Take it easy,
I'll be extra careful.
c0000471
A trap?
c0000472
An ambush?
c0000473
Why lead us to the top floor,
with no issue?
c0000474
[VICHYSSOISE]
Well, well!
c0000475
If it isn't Grandma Grugell.
c0000476
Hmm.
c0000477
[GRUGELL]
Vichyssoise.
c0000478
That's me!
c0000479
Nice to see you
on your feet, granny.
c0000480
I heard some mongrels
really roughed you up.
c0000481
[GRUGELL]
How long has this brat
c0000482
been snooping around?
c0000483
Hm?
What do you want?
c0000484
I'm not interested
in little girls,
c0000485
so enough with your gawking.
c0000486
Come back in another 40 years.
c0000487
[chuckles softly]
c0000488
So you are the real deal.
c0000489
Here I thought we had
a fake snooping around.
c0000490
[GRUGELL]
Speak plainly, girl.
c0000491
It's all here.
c0000492
But it's heightened.
c0000493
Ever since I became a witch,
c0000494
I can practically
sniff out astral spirits.
c0000495
Speaking of which, granny,
c0000496
you got the stench
of strange astral energy
c0000497
clinging all over you,
you know that?
c0000498
Need I remind you,
c0000499
this is a research facility
for astral spirits--
c0000500
[VICHYSSOISE] Kinda smells like
the Lou's vacation house.
c0000501
Where were you today?
c0000502
I was right here in
this building the entire time.
c0000503
Fine.
c0000504
Guess that means
they already infiltrated us.
c0000505
[Grugell gasps]
c0000506
Must be nice to have servants
c0000507
with some pretty
convenient powers,
c0000508
-don't ya think?
-[gasps]
c0000509
Be a good granny
and report to Lord Talisman.
c0000510
And to...
c0000511
the acting head of Hydra,
Lady Mizerhyby.
c0000512
[MASKED LORD]
I'm afraid you misunderstand,
c0000513
Lord Talisman.
c0000514
Hmm?
c0000515
[LORD]
While I did imply
c0000516
the Sovereignty needs
a stronger leader,
c0000517
I did not say anything
about the Queen's election.
c0000518
[chuckles softly]
c0000519
We simply need
to awaken the Founder.
c0000520
Come again?
c0000521
Out of the question!
c0000522
[all gasp]
c0000523
[indistinct chatter]
c0000524
I didn't consider that.
c0000525
Imagine the potential
in our hands!
c0000526
[MASKED LORD]
Are we all in agreement?
c0000527
No, we are not!
c0000528
We have yet to establish
a way to awaken the Founder,
c0000529
and even then,
c0000530
awakening her
comes with a risk.
c0000531
I beg you all to
remember the damage done
c0000532
to the neutral city of Ein.
c0000533
Hm.
c0000534
[ALICE]
The Founder won't think twice
c0000535
about hurting our own people
to destroy the Empire.
c0000536
Consider those caught
c0000537
in the crossfire
of the Founder's fury.
c0000538
We would be condemned
if innocent lives were lost.
c0000539
I can think
of no better scenario
c0000540
for a Queen to step in.
c0000541
♪
c0000542
[gasps]
c0000543
[ALICE]
Did something happen?
c0000544
[MISMIS] This place looks
straight out of a dream.
c0000545
-I hear something.
-[ALL] Huh?
c0000546
Sounds like it's coming
from that structure.
c0000547
[MISMIS]
Up there?
c0000548
[ALL]
Hm.
c0000549
Sisbell's inside this thing?
c0000550
It's possible.
c0000551
What I heard
matches the profile
c0000552
of a young woman.
c0000553
-Are you certain?
-Well, then, it has to be her.
c0000554
[thuds]
c0000555
What was that?
c0000556
[NENE]
An explosion?
c0000557
[JHIN]
Why now?
c0000558
Any clue who's down there?
c0000559
No!
We're not sure what's going on.
c0000560
This is beyond anything
we prepared for!
c0000561
What's that?
c0000562
Astral energy?
c0000563
[ALL]
Ah!
c0000564
[ISKA] Why turn
the entire royal family
c0000565
against you
by wrecking Hydra's base?
c0000566
Even Alice was careful about
playing her hand too heavily.
c0000567
That's the reason
she asked for our help
c0000568
in the first place.
c0000569
Who's down there?
c0000570
Let's get Sisbell and go,
c0000571
while the guards are outside.
c0000572
Security isn't
as tight right now.
c0000573
[all gasp]
c0000574
Break her out!
c0000575
You got it.
c0000576
[gunshot fires]
c0000577
[clanking]
c0000578
[shatters]
c0000579
Lady Sisbell!
c0000580
[CYSTEA]
Are you injured?
c0000581
[all gasp]
c0000582
[chair creaks]
c0000583
[all gasp]
c0000584
[chuckles softly]
c0000585
[snaps fingers]
c0000586
A swift execution.
c0000587
[rumbling]
c0000588
[gunshots firing]
c0000589
Pleasure to meet you,
Lou's assassin.
c0000590
This gun is designed
c0000591
to condense astral energy
into rays.
c0000592
I have 24 of them.
c0000593
A prototype from
this very facility.
c0000594
I guarantee its strength.
c0000595
After all,
c0000596
it uses my astral energy.
c0000597
Mizerhyby Hydra Nebulis IX.
c0000598
The pleasure is yours.
c0000599
Come.
c0000600
Allow me to show you
c0000601
the most dignified power
to grace this planet.
c0000602
[giggles]
c0000603
[electricity crackling]
c0000604
Please, welcome me
with a round of applause!